feat: streamline, prep for vid walkthrough (#13)
raendev/guide: src/counter/intro.md

| `-> i8`    | The return type of the method. A signed 8-bit integer, matching `val`.
| `self.val` | This accesses the field `val`. You will also notice that there is no `return` statement. This is because in Rust everything is an expression, and a function returns the value of the last expression, as long as there is no semicolon after it.

Go ahead and play with this a bit. Do things that don't make sense, and your well-configured editor will yell at you. Looking at the errors will teach you about how Rust works. You can try each of these things, changing it back to how it was after each:

* Change `-> i8` to `-> i16`
* Change `-> i8` to `-> ()`, an empty [tuple](https://doc.rust-lang.org/stable/book/ch03-02-data-types.html#the-tuple-type)

> * Remove `-> i18` – note that you get the same error message as when you changed it to an empty tuple! Empty tuple is one of the closest things Rust has no a nothing/`null` type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Remove `-> i18` – note that you get the same error message as when you changed it to an empty tuple! Empty tuple is one of the closest things Rust has to a `void` type.
```
